docs: Remove references to `tsh aws proxy` `--endpoint-url` mode (#52493)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/enroll-resources/application-access/cloud-apis/aws-console.mdx

(!docs/pages/includes/aws-no-credential-provider.mdx service="Application"!)

### Missing X-Forwarded-Host HTTP header

> You may enconter the error `proxied requests must include X-Forwarded-Host header`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may encounter the error `proxied requests must include X-Forwarded-Host header`
```

> when making requests to your `tsh` local proxy. This is due to Telepor's
> expecting the HTTP requests to include the `X-Forwarded-Host` header, containing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
when making requests to your `tsh` local proxy. This is because Teleport
expects the HTTP requests to include the `X-Forwarded-Host` header, containing
```

a valid AWS endpoint.

> Ensure the application using the Teleport's AWS local proxy supports HTTPS proxy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure the application using the Teleport AWS local proxy supports HTTPS proxy
```

setting. Passing the local proxy address to applications as the AWS endpoint URL
is no longer supported.

> If you were previously using the `--endpoint-url` flag on `tsh proxy aws`
> command, you must update your applications to use HTTP Proxy instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you were previously using the `--endpoint-url` flag on `tsh proxy aws`
command, you must update your applications to use the local HTTPS proxy instead.
```
